[siren wailing]
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪
[Dexter] I've experienced death
so many times.
But never my own.
[gunshot]
♪ intense music ♪
♪
[siren continues wailing]
[hospital machines
beeping rapidly]
[doctor]
Talk to me.
[nurse] We have penetrating
thoracic trauma
by gunshot,
catastrophic blood loss.
We're losing him.
Defib on my count.
[machine whirring]
Three. Two. One. Clear.
[crackling]
[heart monitor flatlining]
[nurse]
No pulse. Recharging.
Three. Two. One. Clear.
- [beeping]
- [doctor] We have a heartbeat.
[Dexter sighs]
A beating heart. I'll take it.
♪ jazzy music ♪
♪
[Dexter]
It really is like they say,
your life flashes
before your eyes.
[Laura moaning and crying]
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
- [yelling]
- [OB-GYN] All right, we're at
ten centimeters dilated.
It's crowning.
- [panting]
- [OB-GYN] Keep pushing.
- That's it.
- [Laura groans]
[OB-GYN] Keep pushing.
You're doing great.
[panting]
[OB-GYN]
Big push. One last one.
[Laura yells]
[baby crying]
[OB-GYN] Time of birth,
2300 hours, 21 minutes.
February 1, 1971.
Congratulations. It's a boy.
♪ gentle music ♪
♪
[baby coos]
[Dexter]
And in the beginning...
there was blood.
[nurse] What're you gonna
name your son, Miss Moser?
Dexter. [chuckles]
His name is Dexter.
[crying]
Yeah.
[shushing]
♪ percussive music ♪
♪
[mosquito buzzing]
♪ gentle music ♪
♪
[classmate]
Trying to cop a feel, freak?
[students laugh]
I'm experiencing death.
You only get one first time.
Dude, what fucking planet
you from?
That's enough.
Let Dexter focus.
♪ lighthearted music ♪
♪
Problem?
[Dexter]
Yeah, no blood.
No problem.
[tool whirring]
[grunts]
[Dexter]
Heartless. Like the Tin Man.
And maybe... like me.
Impeccable work
as always, Dexter.
You're gonna make
an excellent surgeon one day.
I've been preparing for today
for such a long time, but...
I didn't feel... anything.
That's what makes you special.
[Dexter]
That's what makes me me.
♪ dramatic music ♪
[camera shutter clicks]
[photographer]
It's traditional to smile.
I wasn't smiling?
Just think of something
that makes you happy.
- [camera shutter clicks]
- [thunder rumbling]
Motherfucker.
♪ somber music ♪
♪
Ugh, goddamn it.
Sergeant Morgan.
Captain Spencer.
What the fuck? And who the fuck?
We're asking the same questions.
Right now, it's all preliminary.
- Well, I am all ears.
- [Tanya] Stop.
Until Forensics
is done with our sweep,
you are all guests
at my crime scene.
Even you, Captain. Bootie up.
Yes, ma'am.
All right. What do you got?
Looks like the intruder used
a box cutter to gain entry
through the back screen porch.
Yeah, he shot the parents,
point blank,
and the little girl in the back
as she ran for the stairs.
[Harry] Then pilfered
everything in sight.
Cash, jewelry, cards.
You said "intruder,"
as in there was only one perp?
Based on the muddy footprints
all over the place,
only one. Experienced, prepared.
Wore booties over shoes.
Ergo, no tread marks to trace.
You're giving me
a whole lot of nothing here.
A family is dead.
What do we have?
[Harry sighs]
Hey, Officer Sanders, was the TV
on when you arrived here?
Negative, Sergeant.
All right, so this poor family,
they're chowing down,
watching television...
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪
The intruder turns it off.
I'm seeing blood
on the "on/off" switch.
Masuka, when you're done
with the other 700 things
going on here,
would you run this for prints?
It'll be number 701, Sergeant.
♪ Sunday, Monday, Happy Days ♪
♪ Tuesday, Wednesday,
Happy Days ♪
♪ Thursday, Friday, Happy Days ♪
♪ The weekend comes ♪
♪ My cycle hums ♪
♪ Ready to race to you ♪
Could've at least
killed the fucking cow first.
[scoffs] And you could at least
not curse at the dinner table.
Sorry. It's just how
it comes out.
[sighs]
So, uh, graduation's in a week.
Anything fun happening?
I heard about some party
at Delta Alpha something.
- Mm.
- But I'm not going.
I'll represent. Show the world
there's at least one Morgan
with a life.
You're going to a college party?
Dad, come on. We both know
that you're gonna say no,
I'm gonna go anyway,
and the world isn't gonna end,
so why don't we just
skip the drama for once?
- I'm okay with you going.
- Seriously?
One condition.
You take your brother.
- What?
You need to get out more,
spend time with people
your own age.
Be a part of something.
Yes, he should do that,
but far away from me.
- It's my one condition.
- Unbelievable.
- Hey.
- Fuck me.
[door slams]
So how'd it go yesterday?
Dr. Rivas said I did a good job.
Well, that's great, right?
I guess.
But...
it didn't give me the feeling
I thought it would.
I know we hoped slicing
into bodies would be enough.
But I-I'm still...
...hungry.
Just stick with the plan.
Four years of med school,
then a residency.
We have plenty of time
to figure all this out.
No, I don't know.
I-I'm worried the plan
isn't going
to satisfy my... urges.
It has to.
- ♪ Freedom ♪
- ♪ I won't let you down ♪
- ♪ I will not give you up ♪
- ♪ Freedom ♪
- ♪ Gotta have some faith ♪
- ♪ In the sound ♪
- ♪ You gotta give ♪
- ♪ What you take ♪
- ♪ So stick around ♪
♪ Heaven knows I was just
a young boy ♪
♪ Didn't know
what I wanted to be ♪
♪ Didn't know what I wanted
to be ♪
♪ I was every little hungry
schoolgirl's pride and joy ♪
♪ And I guess it was
enough for me... ♪
You guys have a good day.
[Dexter]
All those shiny, happy people.
So excited to plan their lives.
And all I wanted to do
was end one.
[Vince laughs]
[Donna]
Are those real dead bodies?
- Kind of cool, right?
- Ugh.
Name's Masuka, look me up if
you ever get a speeding ticket.
Nice booth.
Uh, my father actually
works for Miami Metro.
Harry Morgan. You know him?
Come on, baby, come to Daddy.
Want to see my nine-inch nail?
Really? Poser.
♪ jaunty, inquisitive music ♪
♪
Hey, are number seven
and number 12 the same killer?
What? No.
Can you move?
You're cockblocking my booth.
Shoo.
- ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
- ♪ Freedom ♪
- ♪ I won't let you down ♪
- ♪ I will not give you up ♪
- ♪ Freedom... ♪
This is starting to look like
a serial killer art project
up in here.
And we are the parents
displaying it
on our fucking fridge!
I'm not a proud mama, fellas.
I am one pissed-off,
menopausal bitch.
We have three home invasion
sites in three counties.
Eight dead,
including two children.
I will not and I cannot
wait for the next one to happen.
- Do you understand me?
- [tapping on podium]
- Yes, Captain.
- I got something.
- Thank fucking God.
Okay, that partial we took
off that VCR remote
gave us four hits.
- [sighs]
- This guy's in prison.
Deceased.
Five-foot-four.
And then there's him. Levi Reed.
Extensive B&E jacket.
Plus, he's six-three,
which matches
the muddy footprints
we found on the scene.
The only way we're gonna
stop this is if we bust his ass.
Alert SWAT.
We are doing this now.
♪ "Ice Ice Baby"
by Vanilla Ice ♪
♪
♪ Let's kick it ♪
♪ Ice, ice, baby... ♪
Hey.
See if the door's open first.
♪ Collaborate and listen ♪
♪ Ice is back with
my brand-new invention... ♪
- [SWAT officer] Clear.
- Clear.
[singing along]
♪ Ice, ice, baby ♪
[Bobby]
Downstairs is clear.
♪ Vanilla Ice, Ice, baby... ♪
- Got him!
- [grunting]
♪ Vanilla Ice, Ice, baby ♪
♪ Vanilla Ice, Ice, baby... ♪
Yo. Shoes.
You killed two kids. Fuck you.
Fuck your shoes.
Get him out of my face.
- Come on. This way.
- [grunting]
♪ No faking ♪
♪ Vanilla Ice, Ice, baby ♪
♪ Too cold, too cold... ♪
[Dexter]
Before I actually did the deed,
I spent a lot of time
fantasizing about it.
Dreaming about a world
of possibilities.
But at the tender age of 20,
I was still a virgin.
Ted Bundy.
The most charming man
in the world.
And one of the most prolific
serial killers ever.
Adept at blending in,
until he wasn't.
I wondered if I was like him.
Or the Night Stalker.
Or BTK.
[turns page]
Or even the Zodiac Killer.
I even wondered if I'd
end up with a nickname, too.
Time to go.
Uh, it's not what you think.
How about you shove
that nudie magazine
underneath your pillow
and join me in the real world
where real women with real tits
actually exist?
If you and Dad say so.
Who knows? You might even
meet someone and have fun.
[stammers] I have fun.
Choking your chicken
doesn't count.
Come on.
You're driving, I'm drinking.
♪ "Put the Squeeze on 'Em"
by The Jaz ♪
♪ This beat is hype,
yo, lyrics extraordinary ♪
♪ Let's get righteous,
I feel it's necessary ♪
♪ Pure perfection,
can't nobody ruin this ♪
♪ Call up your people, tell 'em
MC Jaz is doin' this ♪
♪ The kick explodes
like a grenade ♪
♪ The snare will scare
and raise hair ♪
♪ Like cops on a drug raid ♪
♪ The rhythm's strong
and barbaric like Conan ♪
♪ My rhymin' style will be
defeated by no man... ♪
[whooping, cheering]
[shrieks] Oh, my God!
- Sophia.
- Ah, Deb.
Why is your brother here?
Our father made her bring me.
Okay...
So, um, what do I do?
Disappear for two hours.
Don't talk to me
until I need a ride home.
♪ Dissin' cat MCs
for their whole life term ♪
♪ Bumpin' off them kids
like Listerine kills germs ♪
♪ I'll put the squeeze on 'em,
I'll make 'em crawl like worms ♪
♪ The way I do
a squally's butt... ♪
Debra Morgan. Badass.
I'm just getting started.
Where's the keg?
Keg? We can do better.
♪ The highs hissin' and
the bass drum boomin' ♪
♪ Groovin' till the sweetness
sours the wee hours ♪
♪ MC Jaz on the mic... ♪
Tequila. Seltzer.
And slam.
[slams glass on table]
Is that all you got?
[indistinct chatter]
♪ Jaz and Jay-Z is here ♪
♪ Word life, I put the squeeze ♪
♪ You down with O.P.P.? ♪
♪ Yeah, you know me ♪
[Dexter]
Harry wanted me to get out,
to be with people my own age.
Be a part of something.
Was this really what he meant?
It all seemed so...
[coughing]
...unsanitary.
♪ The first two letters
are the same... ♪
[woman]
Hey, handsome.
♪ It's the longest, loveliest,
lean, I call it the leanest... ♪
[Dexter]
Extremely unsanitary.
♪ "Cleanest" or "meanest,"
I won't get into that ♪
♪ I'll do it, uh,
sorta properly ♪
♪ I'll say the last "P,"
hmm... ♪
- Gay? Not interested? What?
- Girlfriend.
Oh. Do you have any X?
I tried to stop them,
but the door's locked.
- Who?
- Deb and Andy.
Sh-Sh-She was drinking,
like a lot,
like, like blacked out,
- and he took her upstairs.
- Which room?
Second floor, first on the left.
♪ O.P.P.,
how can I explain it? ♪
♪ I'll take it,
frame-by-frame it... ♪
Hey! Watch it, bro.
♪ "P" is for "people's,"
scratch your temple... ♪
[Andy]
Kind of busy in here.
[grunts]
- [Dexter] Deb!
- Dude! Get the fuck out of here!
♪ Put your hands up high,
say "O.P.P...." ♪
[Dexter screams]
[both grunting]
♪ You're now down
with a discount ♪
♪ You down with O.P.P.? ♪
♪ Yeah, you know me ♪
♪ Yeah, you know me... ♪
What's your deal, asshole?
[both grunting]
- ♪ Who's down with O.P.P.? ♪
- ♪ Every last lady ♪
- ♪ You down with O.P.P.? ♪
- ♪ Yeah, you know me ♪
♪ You down with O.P.P.? ♪
♪ Yeah, you know me ♪
[sound distorts]
[panting]
♪ sinister music ♪
♪
[grunts]
[partygoers groan]
Go home, you fucking psycho.
Take your slut sister with you.
The fuck was that, Dex?
I was just trying
to protect you.
By publicly humiliating me?
You were unconscious
in his room.
I had too much to drink.
He said that I could
lie down in there.
When I got there,
the door was locked
and his pants were off.
Did he...?
- No.
- [Sofia] Deb!
I was so scared. Are you okay?
I will be.
Dex got there
before anything happened.
[Sofia]
I used to make fun of you
for watching WrestleMania
all the time,
but that in there,
that was... wow.
[Deb vomits]
Shit.
- [Dexter sighs]
- It's already past curfew.
Uh, go. I got it.
You're a lifesaver, again.
Deb, I'll call you tomorrow?
Mm-hmm.
Hold my fucking hair back.
[retches]
[whispering]
Hey. Tylenol, water, bed.
And quietly.
I know.
[lighter ignites]
[Harry]
Way past curfew, kids.
How was the party?
- It was--
- You were right.
Yeah, I'm glad I went.
Made lots of friends.
Go to bed.
Sorry to keep you up, Dad.
I know we're supposed
to go hunting in a few hours.
I can't sleep unless I know
my kids are home safe and sound.
Get some rest.
[sighs]
♪ gentle, wistful music ♪
♪
[announcer over TV]
Well, this game has certainly
- lived up to the hype.
- [Harry] Come on, come on.
- Come on, come on...
- Dolphins and Cowboys.
Griese to throw.
Incomplete.
Come on! He was wide open. Mm.
[announcer]
Seven-seven with 5:21
to play in the fourth.
Deep down the sidelines,
caught by Fleming at the seven
and thrown out
of bounds by Harris.
A gain of 35 yards.
That's the big play Miami has
been looking for all afternoon.
First and goal
with 4:48 remaining.
And of course,
for Griese and the Dolphins,
this is more than just a game.
Hey, bud, where are you?
Dolphins are about to score.
But make no mistake.
- Hey, Junior.
- They are still haunted
- by losing to Dallas...
- Jun...
...two years ago in...
First and goal from the seven.
Jesus!
Fuck!
♪ pulsing, intense music ♪
♪
[gasps]
[grunts, yells]
[panting]
Help!
Somebody! Help!
♪ somber music ♪
♪
[gasping]
[tires screeching]
Dear God.
- Now, Doris. Doris.
- [crying] What happened?!
Doris, Doris, Doris.
[sobbing]
I'm sorry,
it was an accident, I...
My baby.
I'm sorry.
Why?!
[screams]
[Dexter]
For most fathers and sons,
a hunting trip is
about bonding...
...about teaching your son
the skills
to survive on his own.
For us, it was that. And more.
♪ tranquil music ♪
♪
Harry knew I had specific needs.
And we tried everything
we could to control them.
[Harry groans]
- Dad?
- [grunts] I'm fine.
What'd you get? All right.
These look fresh.
It's been a while since
you bagged a boar.
Tracks look deep.
Must be a big one.
So, what do you think?
Pork chops tonight or sliders?
[panting]
- Dex?
- Dad...
these hunting trips
don't work for me anymore.
What do you mean?
Animals aren't enough.
These... feelings I have.
- I can't ignore them.
- No, no.
It's too soon.
You taught me the Code
to help me channel my urges.
What's the point
if I can't even use it?
Killing a person...
it's not that simple.
Once you do it,
it can't be undone.
I almost did.
- What?
- Kill someone.
Last night at the party.
What happened?
I promised Deb I wouldn't
- say anything.
- Oh, come on, please.
I know she was drinking.
There was this guy.
He was trying
to take advantage of her.
And?
I threw him down the stairs.
He hit me.
I hit him back, but...
...then I saw his blood.
And everything
became really clear.
There was a knife on the bar.
More than anything
in my whole life,
I wanted to take that knife.
What stopped you?
Deb.
She yanked me off of him.
If it hadn't been for her, I...
[labored breathing]
[grunts]
- Dad?
- [groaning]
Dad!
Oh, God!
[grunting]
[Harry mumbling]
- [tires screech]
- [Dexter] Help!
We need help here. Help!
- What's his name?
- Harry.
Any history of heart attacks?
- Prior surgery?
- No.
Dad? Dad?
I'm gonna be okay.
Hang back here, hon.
Give us room to work.
I promise, we'll take
good care of him.
[Dexter] For the first time,
the idea of death became...
excruciating.
How can you fucking eat
at a time like this?
[Dexter] I could always eat
at a time like this.
But...
You okay?
Of course I'm not fucking okay.
What if he doesn't make it, Dex?
I didn't get
to see him this morning.
You guys left so early.
I never got a chance
to say goodbye.
To tell him I love him.
[Dexter]
I was there.
And I didn't do that.
Dad knows you love him, Deb.
That's not the point, Dex.
God, you...
Here you are, dear.
Any update?
I'm sorry to say your father
suffered a heart attack.
Oh, my God.
[Mary] But he's currently stable
and in great hands.
Okay, sweetheart?
You all can see him
and the doctor now.
Your father's
blood work indicates
he suffered a non-ST-elevation
myocardial infarction.
Fuck does that mean?
Deb, language, come on.
It means I got
a little blockage.
Nothing serious.
A few pills,
I'm out of the woods, right?
Not quite. We're gonna need
to hold you for further testing.
All goes well, you could be home
by the end of the week.
- [sighs]
- But you're gonna need
to stick to a strict diet.
Oh, and quit fucking smoking.
Excuse my French.
Your French is excellent.
You're gonna want
to manage stress,
of course, it's very important.
[Dexter]
Unfortunately, I was the stress.
♪ gentle music ♪
♪
Hey, don't you have some,
like, big game coming up?
Regionals.
Don't know if I'm going.
Dad would want you to play.
Dad's not here.
Well, I am.
I'll go to your game.
Just save me an aisle seat.
Wait, you actually want to come
to my volleyball game?
We're supposed to support
each other, right?
As a family?
[scoffs]
What family?
Soon we won't even need
a fucking table.
Just two TV trays.
The doctor said he might be out
by the end of the week.
And then what? He's gonna go
right back to drinking
and smoking and all his other
self-destructive shit.
Look at all this crap.
No wonder his heart tried
to peace out.
- Fuck.
- Deb...
Stop.
It's gonna be okay.
That's what everyone said
before Mom died.
♪ gentle music ♪
Fuck!
[breathing heavily]
Dex.
We should probably wipe
the floor before that dries.
Some fucking support, Dex.
[Dexter]
The next few days
of Harry's
hospitalization were...
odd.
His condition didn't improve.
It was in those days
that I realized
that grief is like an ocean.
Sometimes it's calm.
Other times
the waves can overwhelm you.
♪ sinister music ♪
♪
Times like that, people say
the best you can do
is just learn to swim.
♪ pulsing, intriguing music ♪
♪
But I planned to do so much
more than just swim.
♪
[Dexter] And that was when
I realized that Nurse Mary
just might be a fellow traveler.
[breathing shakily]
And how are we doing
this sunshiny day?
Why is my father getting worse?
Oh, dear.
It's never easy
seeing a loved one in pain.
What is that you just gave him?
It's complicated.
Try me.
I'm pre-med.
Your father made a lifetime
of bad choices for his health.
This... this is the result.
So all we can do is give him
the medicine that he needs
to come out on the other side.
Don't worry.
This too shall pass.
[Dexter]
It was then I decided
it wasn't Harry
who was going to pass.
♪ suspenseful music ♪
♪
Hello, dear.
Can I help with anything?
I'm just kind of... lost.
Mm.
Cute cat.
Oh, that's Mr. Tinker.
Such a love.
[Dexter] I'd always had
a kinship with cats.
Nature's own serial killers.
[pager beeps]
I've got to head down the hall.
If you need anything, just ask.
♪ energetic music ♪
[panting]
[items clatter]
[Dexter]
Her trophies.
Every picture tells a story.
[clears throat]
Can I help you, Dexter?
Uh, I need to use the
ion mobility spectrometer.
Uh...
I-It's for a finals project.
Help yourself. But I got a class
coming in 40 minutes.
♪ energetic music ♪
[whirring]
High potassium nitrate levels.
I noticed that.
What would happen
if this solution
were delivered to someone
intravenously?
At this dilution? Harmless.
But if administered repeatedly
over the course
of several days...
...it could kill someone.
Thanks, Dr. Rivas.
Hey, how detectable
would that be in, say,
a forensics medical examination?
Nearly undetectable.
The body does a great job
of processing high levels
of potassium nitrate,
even while it kills you.
[Dexter]
I had been hanging around
a real-deal serial killer
all this time.
I was hoping I'd get to practice
my own brand of bedside manner.
There she was,
in the halls of healing,
only death on her mind.
If I asked Harry
to let her be my first kill,
he would have said no.
He was too protective...
of me.
The kill had to be his idea.
[clicks tongue]
Poor dear.
[whispering] I think
that the shots she's giving
are killing you.
You're only getting worse.
[labored breathing]
Don't... let her.
All right,
my brave little soldier.
Let's get this out of the way.
Wait.
Harry doesn't want the shot.
Harry's in a lot of pain.
I want the pain.
He wants the pain.
♪ ominous music ♪
[Dexter] It was at that moment
she revealed
she also had a Dark Passenger.
More important...
...Harry saw it, too.
Doctor's not gonna be happy
that you're refusing your meds.
You can tell.
She's killing you
with high levels
of potassium nitrate.
Stop...
...her.
[Dexter] I'd been waiting
to hear those words for so long.
Harry's been training me
for this moment for years.
Whoa.
Hey, I was new at this.
But tonight...
tonight's the night.
I hate that I'm missing
the game tonight.
Don't worry.
Dex is taking your place.
No offense, Dad,
but you look like shit.
[coughs]
[laughs weakly]
Go. Win it for me.
I'll be at the next one.
♪ intense music ♪
♪
[Mary]
♪ Country roads ♪
♪ Take me home ♪
♪ To the place ♪
♪ I belong ♪
♪ West Virginia, mountain mama ♪
[Dexter] You never forget
your first time.
Mine was with an older woman.
Mr. Tinker,
where are you, kitty?
- [screaming]
- [grunting]
[announcer]
Ladies and gentlemen,
give it up for your Manatees!
[crowd cheering]
♪ "Nothing but a Good Time"
by Poison ♪
♪ Not a dime,
I can't pay my rent ♪
♪ I can barely make it
through the week ♪
♪ Saturday night,
I'd like to make my girl ♪
♪ But right now
I can't make ends meet, no ♪
♪ I'm always working,
slaving every day ♪
♪ Got to get a break
from the same old, same old ♪
♪ I need a chance
just to get away ♪
♪ If you could hear me think,
this is what I'd say ♪
♪ Don't need nothing
but a good time... ♪
[whistle blows]
♪ How can I resist? ♪
♪ Ain't lookin' for nothing
but a good time ♪
♪ And it don't get better
than this ♪
Debra Morgan!
[crowd cheering]
[Mary whimpering, muffled]
I've been looking
through your photo album.
So many wonderful memories.
I hope you don't mind.
[Mary chattering, muffled]
Are all your victims in here?
[gasps]
Let me help you with that.
[screams]
Scream again and lose a tongue.
I helped them.
I took their pain away.
- They didn't ask you to do that.
- They didn't have to.
These goddamn people
drinking and smoking
till their hearts give out.
Slaves to their own compulsions.
Just look at your father.
[gasps]
I already lost my mother.
Harry's all I've got,
and you tried to take him
away from me.
[muffled panting]
[rapid heartbeat]
[Dexter] That was
the first time I ever felt
someone else's fear.
And I liked it.
♪ Don't need nothing
but a good time ♪
[Mary whimpers]
♪ How can I resist? ♪
♪ Ain't looking for nothing
but a good time... ♪
[indistinct shouting]
Got it!
[announcer]
And it's Morgan
for the kill!
And the Manatees win!
♪ Nothing but a good time ♪
♪ And it don't get
better than this ♪
♪ It don't get better, baby ♪
♪ somber, dramatic music ♪
♪
♪ intense, dramatic music ♪
[truck door shuts]
[insects trilling]
[buzzing]
[sighs] I really hate mosquitos.
[grunts]
♪
[growling]
My first trophies.
I didn't know it then,
but it would end up
being a terrible mistake.
♪ lively Latin music ♪
I stuck to Dad's Code.
The rules were there
for a reason.
To protect us.
To keep the innocent safe.
And, most importantly for me,
to never get...
caught.
♪ tense, dramatic music ♪
♪
Who are you?
Uh... I live here.
- Hey, Dexter. [laughs]
- Bobby.
Good to see you, Kid.
This is Harry's boy.
Dexter, it's so good to see you.
We're all pulling for your pop.
If there's anything you,
your sister need,
just let me know,
I'll make it happen, okay?
Um, thanks.
How's that goddaughter
of mine handling everything?
Oh, you know.
Deb is... Deb.
- Yeah.
- Uh, what's all this?
Last thing
you should be worrying about
is filling the fridge.
Yeah, and you know, I got--
I told them half pepperoni.
You know, heart healthy.
Well, that's such a...
[Dexter]
Relief.
...nice gesture.
Uh, you can leave it all
on the kitchen table.
There he is. D-Man. D-Dawg.
Remember me from the job fair?
Was hoping we'd catch you here.
You, uh, caught me.
I brought you kids
some Hamburger Helper.
My kids live off this stuff.
Dexter, meet Tanya Martin.
Aka "The Boss Lady
of Forensics."
I've heard a lot about you.
Really?
I've worked
with Harry for years.
He's a great cop.
Bet he's taught you well.
[Dexter]
She had no idea.
Dude, you had
such great instincts
with those photos
at the job fair.
Linking them to the same killer?
That's exactly what we thought.
Wow. Cool.
Turned out
not to be true, though.
Oh.
But it took us six weeks
to recognize the similarities.
You picked them out
in six seconds.
I made a few calls.
Your professor, Dr. Rivas,
told me
you're the most talented student
he's ever had.
Well, I don't know what to say.
Say yes, 'cause you've earned
yourself a job offer, D-Money.
A paid internship.
$4.25 an hour.
Think about it.
[laughs]
[Dexter]
It was perfect timing.
I was starving after... well...
- Hey.
Where were you all night?
Like you care.
I was at Sofia's.
Her parents took us out
to celebrate after the big game.
You know, the one that we won?
You know, the one that
you said you'd come to
but then blew off. [scoffs]
Deb...
I didn't think
you'd really come anyway.
I'm sorry.
What's all this?
Oh, um, Dad's work friends
dropped it off.
Well, wasn't that real
fucking thoughtful of them?
Uh...
♪ quiet, pensive music ♪
♪
[crowd cheering]
[announcer]
Congratulations, Class of 1991.
[Dexter]
I didn't blame Deb
for missing my graduation.
After all,
I hadn't come through for her.
I was alone,
and somehow
that seemed appropriate.
♪
I thought you were mad at me
for missing your game.
Oh, I'm still royally pissed,
but like you said...
...we're family.
[Dexter chuckles]
I am gonna ream you out
tomorrow, though.
I mean, what a dick move.
[Dexter]
So, it was always about family.
What a concept.
♪
You did it.
Sorry, I couldn't find
your nurse for the life of me.
What were you two talking about?
About going home.
Okay.
[sighs]
It's too bad you had
to miss graduation, Dad.
You should've seen
what a dope Dex was.
He just sat there
with his cap on like an idiot.
Everyone had already
thrown theirs off.
Isn't that right, Dex?
I wish I could've seen it.
Well, your presence was felt.
I can't believe
how much better you look.
It's almost a miracle.
[laughs] Oh, man.
[Deb]
Coming through.
[Harry]
Oh. I love it!
[both laughing]
♪ lively Latin music ♪
[Harry]
All right.
♪
Whoo!
Anything I can get you?
No.
Okay. Well, if you
need anything in the night...
[sighs]
The nurse.
No witnesses?
None.
And, most importantly,
she'll never hurt anyone again.
What did you do with the body?
She'll...
never be found.
What did you do with it?
I wrapped her up,
stuck her
in the back of the pickup
and drove out to Interstate 75.
Alligator Alley.
I dropped her in
a batch of hungry gators.
She was gone in seconds.
Dad, there's literally
nothing to worry about
because there's literally
nothing left of her.
[scoffs]
How did it feel?
It felt...
...right.
Good night, Son.
I'll see you in the morning.
Good night, Dad.
[sighs]
[crying]
[Dexter]
Change was never easy for Harry.
I don't approve of you
doing this, Dex.
[Dexter]
But I was at a point in my life
where change was necessary.
You're always telling me
to be part of something.
It was... good.
This is me following
my father's advice.
- Sarge.
- [Harry] Angel.
Ah, thank God.
- Welcome back.
- Ah.
- Bobby.
- I knew you'd get through, pal.
Good to see you.
It's great to see you, sir.
Clark, good to see you, too.
Harry.
Camilla. Missed you.
Dexter,
Doris would be so proud.
Hey, the place
felt empty without you.
- Hey.
- Welcome back.
- Missed you, too.
- Ah...
Another Morgan in the building.
Hopefully, you're not
a chip off the old block.
[chuckles]
Nice haircut.
[Dexter]
My father was a man
with so many friends.
And I,
well, I... wasn't.
[Vince]
You're late, newbie.
- I am?
- I'm just shitting you.
[laughs]
[chuckles]
♪ quiet, thoughtful music ♪
♪
[Vince]
Tanya.
Dexter.
Welcome to the first day
of the rest of your life.
I hope you'll be happy here.
Oh, I'm sure I will be.
I know you think
you know it all,
but you've got
a lot to learn, amigo.
Take a seat.
Uh-uh.
You get the little one.
♪
[Dexter]
My new life.
Thought it might be a good idea
to take it for a spin.
♪
♪ quiet, dramatic music ♪